# Map-Faction
Version 0.72  Latest stable and unstable builds Source Code Wiki  Supported versions:  Dynmap v1.9 or later Factions v2.0.0 or later Dynmap-Factions provides a simple way to add visibility of Faction territories on Dynmap's maps. The plugin depends on the presence of both Dynmap and Factions, and interacts directly with the Factions API. Updates to territories are automatically processed (on a settable period - default is once per 5 minutes (300 seconds)). By default, the plugin will be active after simply installing it (by unzipping the distribution into the plugins/ directory and restarting the server).  Territories of any shape are supported, and a proper outline border is computed and displayed that will encompass all the contiguous blocks of a given faction territory (limitation - 'holes' in the middle of a territory may still be shaded to look like part of the territory). Clicking on the territory will display a popup with a configurable set of data on the town.  Dynmap-Factions will also show configurable icons for the home location for each faction.  Visibility of regions can be controlled via the 'visibleregions' and 'hiddenregions' settings. Besides listing the names of the regions to be made visible or hidden, entries with the format 'world:&lt;worldname>' can be used to make all regions on a given world visible or hidden.  Also, the display of the region outlines can be restricted to a minimum zoom-in level, via the 'minzoom' setting. When non-zero, this setting causes the region outlines to only be displayed at or beyond the given zoom-in level.  Note: If you are currently using the region component for Factions in Dynmap, you should disable that support while installing Dynmap-Factions.  http://mikeprimm.com/images/Dynmap-Factions.png Configuration: After the first load, there will be a config.yml file in the plugins/Dynmap-Factions directory. Details of the default configuration, and all the provided settings, can be found here  This plugin utilizes Hidendra's plugin metrics system, which means that the following information is collected and sent to mcstats.org:   A unique identifier The server's version of Java Whether the server is in offline or online mode The plugin's version The server's version The OS version/name and architecture The core count for the CPU The number of players online The Metrics version
